what's going on everybody welcome to day
number 20 in my countdown to black ops
yeah I said it playing some world at war
and this is the game type war that
everybody was asking about that you are
not familiar with what war was well this
is it and this is a really fast game of
it so don't blink or you might miss it
but what I wanted to talk to you guys
today a little bit about was the
currency for black ops which is going to
be cod points this is what you'll use to
unlock all your weapons attachments
camos you name it you're going to need
cod points and you will actually earn
these points through rank progression
and at the end of matches you'll get it
kind of just like a bonus and it will
use all that to purchase everything you
want everything you need in the game and
I actually came up with some of values
for some of these things that you want
to buy I couldn't find values on
everything just yet maybe some more of
that will become a little more apparent
later on but things so far that I found
out what they will cost you our emblems
you're going to be looking at a hundred
cod points to purchase an emblem and
face paints you're going to be looking
at 500 points camos for your weapons are
going to be 250 points your killstreaks
when you want to unlock those I could
not find out what the kilt 3 killstreaks
were but the four killstreaks were 1600
points the five killstreaks are 2400
points 6 killstreaks 3207 is four
thousand eight is forty 509 is 5000 and
the 11 killstreaks are 6000 and I will
talk about the killstreaks a little bit
more in depth at a later time
video your perks you're going to be
looking at 2,000 points per perk and the
only weapons that I could find so far
were the launchers and they are a
thousand points per launcher and they
were listed as a secondary so I kind of
have a feeling all the secondaries will
probably be a thousand points each but
if you guys hear anything else let me
know in the comments below but this game
of war is just about over as you can see
our team has captured all these points
and I have pretty much just made life a
living hell for these guys and that is
war in a nutshell you just want to beat
them down and keep him pinned and away
from the flag I end up going a perfect
18 and 0 in this game and that is war
and since this gameplay was so short i
decided to tack on a little something
extra here this is a game of Search and
Destroy on underpass and I'm actually
going to get a six man ace in this round
and i thought i would share that with
you while i filled you in on a little
bit of good news that i recently got you
know recently with all this copyright
talk it's been bad news around and been
a little worried and i actually got some
good news for a change um you're
probably going to notice some small
changes here in my channel in the next
few days or so I have actually become a
YouTube partner and my channel is now
partnered and it's actually through
machinima so I am now a part of the
machinima network and I'm really excited
about it it's going to hopefully grow my
channel that much more what's going to
change here on my channel nothing it's
pretty much gonna be business as usual
you know you guys might see a few ads
here and there but you see them pretty
much on everybody's videos now just
about but other than that I'm not going
to really be doing anything different on
my channel if anything it'll probably
you know make me want to post more
content so definitely look for more
close for me here in the future probably
going to do a ton of black ops stuff and
now with machinima backing me up and I
have to say the guys at the machinima
are fantastic Anthony I want to thank
you you may never watch this video but I
just want to say thank you for all the
help machinima is assisting me in this
copyright situation that's going on now
will they be able to help me I don't
know we'll just have to wait and see but
I am now working with them completely
and what started out as a small hobby
here on YouTube has really grown into
what it is today and I want to thank all
you guys for coming along for the ride I
think it's going to do nothing but just
get better from this point on out but
look for new things coming from me in
the future I'm gonna probably try to do
some more giveaways here soon and all
that kind of stuff you know all I need
for you guys to do is keep doing what
you're doing and that's just watch the
videos and maybe give them a like or
even a dislike every now and then I
never realized how important it was to
rate a video but that helps it get a lot
of views and get noticed and even if you
don't like it give it a thumbs down if
you want it'll be fine with me just
write it something alright guys that is
it that is a six-man ace right after an
18 and 0 game of war on world at war I
will see you guys tomorrow Oh tomorrow's
video will actually be on
machinimarespawn exclusively so i will
post a link a trailer link in on my
channel the moment that goes live so you
guys can just hit the link and watch the
video i'm going to be discussing all the
perks in this one and I'm gonna talk
about the pro aspects of each perk so
you'll definitely want to catch that one
tomorrow if you haven't heard about all
the perks yet you don't know what you're
missing some good stuff coming alright
guys I will see you tomorrow on
machinima respawn and then Friday it'll
be back here on my channel and I will
see you guys again really soon you guys
you know what to have
have a good one